All right so we're going to go ahead and get started and what we're going to do first is just build
a flat out each team all template and then after that we'll move on to integrating it and create making
it a WordPress theme.
All right.
So let's go ahead and create a folder for this template and I'm going to call this my shop underscore
aged him now.
All right.
And then inside there we're going to create a couple things actually you know before we create that
let's download foundation from Foundation dot Serb dot com.
We're going to click on this one over here complete it and then open up that zip file and let's just
take everything out and move it to our folder.
Right now we open up index each team Maol with chrome and you can see we have pretty much a boiler plate
.
OK so the CSSA is implemented.
The Javascript should be implemented.
So let's go ahead and open up index HVM now in our editor
.
All right so we're going to kind of just work through this replace what we need.
Let's also open up our CSSA file which is APS-C.
SS OK there's nothing in here.
The only styles is the core or foundation styles.
Now I also have some images that we need to upload so I'm going to create a new folder called I m g
and you should have these files in your project file.
I am going to pay CS in.
OK so if we just take a look at these images make these bigger.
So we have our logo logo dot j peg.
And then we have a bunch of clothes we a bunch of shirts.
We have a hat this blue shirt has multiple images because we're going to implement mini gallery.
So these are all the images that we'll be needing.
All right.
So let's go back to the index each to your model.
Now the head can stay how it is.
We're linking our CSSA files.
We have our viewport set so we can leave that stuff.
So let's go right below the body tag and we're going to keep using the grid system.
All right.
So we have a div here with the class of row I'm actually going to change this div to Hetter.
OK.
And then inside of it we're going to have a six column div
and then we'll have another six call them div next to it.
All right so on this side let's put the logo over and say I am g source is going to be slash.
I am g slash logo dog.
And let's see if that shows up which it doesn't
do dot slash image.
All right.
So we have our logo on this side we're going to have our navigation menu.
All right so let's say you well I'm going to give it a class menu and also simple and main nav.
All right.
And then inside that we're going to have some slides tags
with a link and this one will go to indexed all age.
You are now
going to copy this why
this one will be about and we'll have an About page.
And then this one will be.
This can be anything really it's not going to link it anywhere but we'll just say services.
All right so save that reload.
OK so the style that it has is coming from the core foundation file.
We are going to add some other styles.
For instance we want to push it down.
We want to push it over but we'll get into the CSSA after the HD IMAO.
OK next we have the Showcase area which is going to change quite a bit.
I do want to keep Divx class row.
We're just going to add onto this a class called showcase.
We're going to weave this 12 column div we're going to leave this call out div but I'm actually going
to add a class called secondary which will make it gray.
All right.
And then everything in that we can get rid of
OK and then in what are going to do is we're going to have an H-1
whoops and this will say discount clothing and then I'm just going to paste in a paragraph and a button
.
All right.
Save that take a look.
We're going to add some more styles to that after so don't worry about it.
So down here we have another row.
This has an eight column div which is this area here.
The main area and then there is way down at the bottom.
There's a four column did which is the side bar.
So we want to clear these divs out completely
.
So I'm going to go to here.
So now we have a cleared out a column div and then for the sidebar we're going to do the same thing
.
All right.
For the products when create a div give it a class of products.
And then here we're going to have a bunch of four column divs.
OK we want three four column divs going across each row.
All right so we can do is a div class and we set is too large for medium for small 12
columns and given a class of product and also a class of.
And
.
OK.
Now in here we'll have an H three.
We'll say blue shirt
and then we'll do an H for the lowest
price.
Now the when we do the Word Press theme things might look a little different than the HVM theme just
because of there's some limitation to where we can put the content.
So I just just remember that there may be some minor differences.
All right so we have the title we have the price.
Let's do the image
.
OK then we'll do a button
All right so let's grab where we have the four cone.
Dave we're going to grab that and then just paste it in a bunch of times and then we're just going to
change the content up a little bit.
So this will be ready sure go ahead and change the price.
We're going to change this to redshirt.
OK this one will be gray
and swallow the orange
and then I think it is a black
.
All right so let's see what that gives us.
All right so the images aren't showing up when we just checked the names.
OK shirt black.
All right so the image names are not correct
.
Shirt black.
All right let's try that.
Looks like the first one.
I miss that shirt blue shirt blue white.
OK.
So there's our products now for the sidebar.
We're going to go down to the for call div here and I'm going to piece this in.
OK so it's a div with the class of Calo that gives it a border and some padding.
Then we have our categories heading and we have a well with the classic menu and vertical.
All right.
And then we're going to have another sidebar widget right below it.
So we're going to put a line break in.
Let me grab that
as just a heading.
We can change this heading
in some text and a button.
Ok so now we're going to go down to the very bottom right above the script tags and we're going to create
our footer.
OK footer is just going to be a paragraph.
We'll put our copyright
and there we go.
So that's it for the H T M L for the index page.
So now we want to do is move on to the details page.
And obviously this doesn't look very good.
We'll fix that in the second part.
We'll do the CSX.
All right so what I want to do now is go back and let's create a new file and this is going to be details
dot HMO.
We're going to open that up and I'm going to copy everything that I have in the index each team out
.
All right.
And then we'll just go down to where the main area is which is this a column div will change this class
to single product and then let's change this to actual get rid of all of these four column divs but
one
right.
And then we're going to change it from four columns to 12.
So to go.
I actually want to do that.
Yeah.
Okay.
And then inside that 12 column there we're going to have two more columns.
So it's copy that
you
just can get this right.
So we have a 12 column div and then inside that we're going to make this one five columns.
That's where the image will go.
And then this one here will be seven.
All right so let's go in the five column first and if we're going to have a link here to go back as
well.
OK for now this will just go to indexed on each table.
And then I know that we're going to have our image.
We're just going to use the blue white shirt for now
.
All right.
So take a look at the details page
details each team out.
All right so the image isn't showing up.
The shirt blue that should be a dot.
OK.
Now on the other side in the seven call div we're going to have the content.
So I'm actually going to just paste that in.
OK we have an H to H for with the price paragraph for the description button.
And then we have some tags.
So save that.
All right.
That looks good so far.
Now we're also going to create an about page just to represent a normal page.
That's not a product page.
So let's go in and create new
and we're going to say about daughter aged him.
Open that up and I'm just going to copy what we have in the details page.
All right.
And then we just want to go to the main area
which is right here and instead of having a five column and a seven column we're going to get rid of
those and just have the 112.
All right.
And then we'll just put in a heading here
and let's grab some sample text
then.
All right.
So let's go to a boat and there we go.
Just some text and a heading.
All right.